[Music]
you might be able to roll Hollywood
actresses names right off your tongue
but have you seen the young and amazing
female talent coming out of Bollywood if
not then you're definitely missing out
from India's youngest and most ambitious
actresses counting down from number 12
Saira Ali Khan born on August 12 1995
Saira Ali Khan's parents had already
made a successful career in the film
industry so it's no wonder their
daughter wanted to follow in her famous
parents footsteps she started acting
when she was only four years old taking
part in commercials but at 23 years old
she made her movie debut in 2018 because
her parents wanted her to finish school
first her breakout movie is called
Kedarnath and fans were left spellbound
by the film's captivating love story the
actress got positive feedback from both
Bollywood bigwigs and critics alike
later that year she appeared in another
movie and there's definitely gonna be
more to come number eleven Preity Sanon
yet another rising star in Bollywood
sannen was born on July 27th 1990 in a
humble family of an accountant and a
college professor before stepping into
the entertainment industry she thought
in a degree in electronic engineering
and worked as a model talk about brains
and beauty in 2014 her first Bollywood
movie hit the screen and became a huge
commercial success Santas performance
was highly appreciated as well this
booming start of her career secured her
plenty of interesting roles later on but
apart from acting the young star has
tons of hobbies that include dancing
cooking and watching cricket she also
has the cutest dog ever named disco
number 10 a dharma born on may 11th 1992
Sharma has always known from early
childhood that she'd become a famous
actress one day the desire to achieve
this was so strong that she even wanted
to drop out of school to pursue her
dreams but her parents talked her out of
it
her path to glory was anything but easy
she started going to auditions but
producers kept turning her down because
of her looks mostly due to her curly
hair um were they blind but Sharma
didn't give up and finally got the
leading role in a horror movie both the
audience and critics found her acting
incredible the actress even did all the
stunts herself now
her career is flourishing and she has a
strong fan base number nine pooja Hegde
but currently 28 year old model and
actress was born on October 13th 1990
while studying in college
peg D had already made up her mind to
make it big in the entertainment
industry so she started off by taking
part in fashion and dance shows that
eventually led her to a modeling career
becoming the face of some top brands and
commercials in 2010 she was crowned as
the second runner-up at the Miss
Universe India pageant and two years
later the world got a glimpse of her
acting skills although her 2012 debut
movie didn't do so well at the box
office her performances and other films
since then have gotten a lot more
positive feedback number eight tapsee
pannu here's a living example that a
talented person can be talented in
pretty much everything born on August
1st 1987 pannu first worked as a
software engineer before auditioning for
a TV talent show later on she became a
successful model having achieved a lot
in this field she lost interest and
finally decided to explore her acting
abilities the hard working actress
already has plenty of highly praised
movies under her belt and performances
that have brought her several awards but
she's not only found her niche in the
film industry she also runs her own
event management company and play squash
almost every single day in her free time
number 7 alia Bahat at 26 years old
Mahad is one of Bollywood's top
actresses she was born on March 15 1993
to the family of a film director and an
actress well now her career choice seems
pretty natural she first appeared on the
big screen playing a small role in a
thriller when she was only 6 in 2012 she
got the leading part in a movie called
student of the year where she played a
stylish and sassy teen her debut turned
out to be a huge commercial success and
won her an award in a few years the hot
solidified her spot in the acting world
by starring in major films that were
praised by critics and fans alike in
2018 the famous actress launched her own
line of handbags and appeared in the
12th spot in Forbes India's celebrity
100 Wow where was I at 26 uh yes still
deciding what I wanted
when I grow up number six Kiara Advani
and yet another highly successful
actress in her 20s and Vani was born on
July 31st 1992 and she's a bright fresh
face in Bollywood her career started
with the leading role in a comedy drama
called
bubbly though this movie received mixed
reviews her performance showed great
acting potential and was appreciated by
critics and viewers inspired by such
warm acceptance Kiara moved on to play
diverse and bold roles in movies that
let her unleash her talent and establish
herself as a really aspiring actress
can't wait to see what she's got in
store for all of us number five Tanvi
Kapoor born on March 6 1997 Kapoor comes
from a film industry family her mother
is a legendary actress and her father is
a producer so yeah again this acting
stuff is in her blood she did indeed
want to pursue an acting career from
early childhood but her parents imagined
another future for their daughter hoping
that she'd get married and settle down
after finishing her studies however
Jhanvi persuaded them to support her
career choice and she finally appeared
on the big screen in her 2018 debut
movie that was a huge commercial success
now that she's graduated from the Lee
Strasberg theatre and Film Institute in
the US the actress is ready to forge
ahead with her big-screen ambitions
number four Nidhi agrawal knew she was a
kid
Nidhi who was born on August 17th 1993
loved watching movies and dreamed of
becoming an actress too she worked hard
toward her goal and it finally paid off
in 2017 she landed a lead role in a
movie beating out 300 other candidates
that movie was a romantic musical so our
vowel had to dance a lot which wasn't a
problem for her since she's a trained
ballet and belly dancer despite mixed
reviews the star was born since then
she's gotten interesting projects one
after another number three dish a pot
knee worn on June 13 1992 the future
actress studied computer science and
engineering but it chose not to follow
this path because she got a lot of
modeling offers instead in 2013 she won
a tight
a beauty contest and caught the eye of
talent seekers looking for new faces to
shoot in their commercials
that's how ppattani made her way to TV
and some filmmakers were charmed by her
beauty and acting skills her performance
in her debut movie was well received by
audiences and after a few other
successful projects she got a chance to
work with actor Jackie Chan
batani even launched her own app that
helps her stay in touch with her fans
number 2 shreya pill gonca April 25th
1989 saw the birth of yet another future
star though she first appeared on TV
when she was only 5 years old playing in
the sitcom shreya trained to become a
professional swimmer she later decided
to take a different route and started
learning Japanese hoping to work as a
translator but her love for acting kept
growing and after leveling her skills up
by getting experience in stage
performance she finally made it to the
big screen in 2013 apart from being a
popular actress who honker also directs
short films number one Bria Chakrabarti
and finally the career of this beauty
born on July 1st 1992 began when she
decided to take part in one of MTV
India's reality shows where she was the
first runner-up later on Riya was chosen
to host several MTV shows that job
already made her pretty famous so when
she ventured on to become an actress
everyone got curious about her acting
skills her debut movie wasn't exactly a
hit but she still didn't disappoint
audiences
Chakraborty continues to make her way to
the top in Bollywood starring in lots of
compelling movies who's your favorite
actress of all time let everyone know
down in the comments don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click subscribe to
always stay on the bright side of life